Update creating-starter-workflows-for-your-organization.md (#23048)
github/docs: content/actions/using-workflows/creating-starter-workflows-for-your-organization.md

   ```
   * `name` - **Required.** The name of the workflow. This is displayed in the list of available workflows.
   * `description` - **Required.** The description of the workflow. This is displayed in the list of available workflows.

>    * `iconName` - **Optional.** Specifies an icon for the workflow that's displayed in the list of workflows. The `iconName` must be the name of an SVG file, without the file name extension, stored in the `workflow-templates` directory. For example, an SVG file named `example-icon.svg` is referenced as `example-icon`. You can also reference the default available 'octicons' icons that you can find [here](/primer/octicons). You can reference these octicons by specifiying `octicon <icon name>`, for example `octicon smiley`.
>    * `categories` - **Optional.** Define the categories thatthe workflow will be shown under. These have to match to the supported categories in the [starter workflows](/actions/starter-workflows) repository or a matching supported [language](/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml). Choose at least one category. Further, choose the categories from the list of tech stacks available [here](github-starter-workflows/repo-analysis-partner/blob/main/tech_stacks.yml). When a user views the available templates, those templates that match the language and tech stacks will feature more prominently.

Reviewer: Some tidying up and reformatting of the available options:

```suggestion
   * `iconName` - **Optional.** Specifies an icon for the workflow that is displayed in the list of workflows. `iconName` can one of the following types:
     * An SVG file that is stored in the `workflow-templates` directory. To reference a file, the value must be the file name without the file extension. For example, an SVG file named `example-icon.svg` is referenced as `example-icon`.
     * An icon from {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}'s set of [Octicons](https://primer.style/octicons/). To reference an octicon, the value must be `octicon <icon name>`. For example, `octicon smiley`.
   * `categories` - **Optional.** Defines the categories that the workflow is shown under. You can use category names from the following lists:
     * General category names from the [starter-workflows](https://github.com/actions/starter-workflows/blob/main/README.md#categories) repository.
     * Linguist languages from the list in the [linguist](https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml) repository.
     * Supported tech stacks from the list in the [starter-workflows](https://github.com/github-starter-workflows/repo-analysis-partner/blob/main/tech_stacks.yml) repository.

```
